Docs: update COC (#86)
EddieHubCommunity/EventCalendar: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an 
individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of 
representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an 
official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online 
or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported 

> to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at community@eddiehub.org. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at eddie@jaoudestudios.com. 
```
